Whitepaper: Added "Find on page", updated "Geolocation", added "Image descriptions" (#1747)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md

Our browser privacy promise is to provide you with the protection, transparency, control, and respect you deserve.  To uphold commitments to give you transparency into Microsoft products, the Microsoft Edge team provides this privacy whitepaper. It explains how Microsoft Edge features and services work and how each may affect your privacy.  The goal of the Microsoft Edge team is to give you a full understanding of how your data is used, how to control the different features, and how to manage your collected data. After reading this document, you will have the information needed to make the right privacy decisions for you.

> This document provides links to go to Microsoft Edge settings and other pages.  The shortcuts URLs start with `edge://` such as `edge://favorites` and `edge://settings/privacy`.  To go to the pages, type the bolded text directly into the Microsoft Edge address bar.  The pages are only viewable in Microsoft Edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides links to Microsoft Edge settings and other pages.  The shortcut URLs start with `edge://` such as `edge://favorites` and `edge://settings/privacy`.  To go to the pages, type the bolded text directly into the Microsoft Edge address bar.  The pages are only viewable in Microsoft Edge.
```

The family group organizer may stop the data collection from the family safety portal.  For more information about Microsoft family safety features, navigate to [What is a Microsoft family group?](https://support.microsoft.com/help/12413)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Find on Page 

> Find on Page allows you to search a web page for important keywords. Open **Settings and more (...)** > **Find on Page**. A search box will appear. Type any keyword or phrase into this search box and the page will highlight all locations on the page where your exact search term appears. You can then navigate through these terms with the **Previous result** and **Next result** buttons. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Find on Page** allows you to search a web page for important keywords.  Select **Settings and more** (**...**)<!--(!['Settings and more' icon.](media/edge-settings-icon.png))--> > **Find on Page** (`Ctrl`+`F`).   A search box appears.  Type any keyword or phrase into this search box, and the page will highlight all locations on the page where your exact search term appears.  You can then navigate through these terms with the **Previous result** and **Next result** buttons.
```

Author: We use "open Settings and more (...)" in 7 other locations in the privacy whitepaper. We do not have any references to hot key controls today.

> To help you find exactly what you're looking for, Microsoft Edge uses a Microsoft cloud service to find additional related matches for your search. This only happens when the **Include related matches** toggle in Find on Page is on.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help you find exactly what you're looking for, Microsoft Edge uses a Microsoft cloud service to find additional related matches for your search.  This only happens when the **Include related matches** toggle in **Find on Page** is turned on.
```

> If the **Include related matches** toggle is on, Microsoft Edge sends the text of the webpage, your search terms, and a service token to a Microsoft cloud service over a secure HTTPS connection. The service token does not contain any user identifiable information. A Microsoft cloud service then processes the text to find results on the page that are related to your search. The webpage text and search terms sent to Microsoft are both deleted immediately after processing occurs. No data is stored for any period of time. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the **Include related matches** toggle is turned on, Microsoft Edge sends the text of the webpage, your search terms, and a service token to a Microsoft cloud service over a secure HTTPS connection.  The service token doesn't contain any user-identifiable information.  A Microsoft cloud service then processes the text to find results on the page that are related to your search.  The webpage text and search terms sent to Microsoft are both deleted immediately after processing occurs. No data is stored for any period of time.
```

> Related matches in Find on Page are not available in **InPrivate** browsing. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Related matches in **Find on Page** aren't available in **InPrivate** browsing. 
```

> If you want to stop Microsoft Edge from finding related matches in Find on Page, complete the following steps. 
> 1.  Open Find on Page
> 1.  Toggle off **Include related matches** 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To stop Microsoft Edge from finding related matches in **Find on Page**:

1. Select **Settings and more** (**...**)<!--(!['Settings and more' icon.](media/edge-settings-icon.png))--> > **Find on Page** (`Ctrl`+`F`).

1. Turn off the **Include related matches** toggle.
```

> <!-- ====================================================================== -->
> ## Find on Page 
> 
> Find on Page allows you to search a web page for important keywords. Open **Settings and more (...)** > **Find on Page**. A search box will appear. Type any keyword or phrase into this search box and the page will highlight all locations on the page where your exact search term appears. You can then navigate through these terms with the **Previous result** and **Next result** buttons. 
> 
> To help you find exactly what you're looking for, Microsoft Edge uses a Microsoft cloud service to find additional related matches for your search. This only happens when the **Include related matches** toggle in Find on Page is on.  
> 
> If the **Include related matches** toggle is on, Microsoft Edge sends the text of the webpage, your search terms, and a service token to a Microsoft cloud service over a secure HTTPS connection. The service token does not contain any user identifiable information. A Microsoft cloud service then processes the text to find results on the page that are related to your search. The webpage text and search terms sent to Microsoft are both deleted immediately after processing occurs. No data is stored for any period of time. 
> 
> Related matches in Find on Page are not available in **InPrivate** browsing. 
> 
> If you want to stop Microsoft Edge from finding related matches in Find on Page, complete the following steps. 
> 1.  Open Find on Page
> 1.  Toggle off **Include related matches** 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Find on Page 

**Find on Page** allows you to search a web page for important keywords.  Select **Settings and more** (**...**)<!--(!['Settings and more' icon.](media/edge-settings-icon.png))--> > **Find on Page** (`Ctrl`+`F`).   A search box appears.  Type any keyword or phrase into this search box, and the page will highlight all locations on the page where your exact search term appears.  You can then navigate through these terms with the **Previous result** and **Next result** buttons.

To help you find exactly what you're looking for, Microsoft Edge uses a Microsoft cloud service to find additional related matches for your search.  This only happens when the **Include related matches** toggle in **Find on Page** is turned on.

If the **Include related matches** toggle is turned on, Microsoft Edge sends the text of the webpage, your search terms, and a service token to a Microsoft cloud service over a secure HTTPS connection.  The service token doesn't contain any user-identifiable information.  A Microsoft cloud service then processes the text to find results on the page that are related to your search.  The webpage text and search terms sent to Microsoft are both deleted immediately after processing occurs. No data is stored for any period of time.

Related matches in **Find on Page** aren't available in **InPrivate** browsing.

To stop Microsoft Edge from finding related matches in **Find on Page**:

1. Select **Settings and more** (**...**)<!--(!['Settings and more' icon.](media/edge-settings-icon.png))--> > **Find on Page** (`Ctrl`+`F`).

1. Turn off the **Include related matches** toggle.

<!-- add a section about the Settings page's toggle for the Find on Page feature?

By default, the **Find on Page** feature sends data to Microsoft to help find better results, including synonyms, alternate spellings, and answers to questions.

To prevent **Find on Page** from sending data to Microsoft:

1. Select **Settings and more** > **Privacy, search, and services**.

1. Turn off the **Suggest better matches in Find on Page** toggle.
-->

```

Reviewer 2: @kendradello - add a section about the Settings page's **Suggest better matches in Find on Page** toggle for the **Find on Page** feature?  per bottom of my Suggestion.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the **Find on Page** feature sends data to Microsoft to help find better results, including synonyms, alternate spellings, and answers to questions.

To prevent **Find on Page** from sending data to Microsoft:

1. Select **Settings and more** > **Privacy, search, and services**.

1. Turn off the **Suggest better matches in Find on Page** toggle.
-->

```
@kendradello - Maybe add this section about the Settings page's toggle for the Find on Page feature.

Microsoft Edge doesn't store your geolocation coordinates. When making requests to the Windows location service, Microsoft Edge generates a new random ID for each request.

**InPrivate** browsing uses the precise location permission setting of the profile from which the **InPrivate** session was launched. **Guest** mode always asks you for permission before granting the site your precise location.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Image Descriptions
When browsing the web in Microsoft Edge, screen reader users may encounter images that are not annotated with alt text. Without alt text to describe these images, they are effectively invisible to screen reader users. When Image Descriptions is turned on, Microsoft Edge will detect these images without alt text and send them to Azure Cognitive Services to generate captions. The generated captions are then announced to screen reader users. Even when Image Descriptions is turned on, images are only sent to the service when a screen reader (or other assistive technology) is connected to Microsoft Edge. 

> Only raw image data is sent to Azure Cognitive Services. Images are sent un-encrypted to reduce latency. No user identifiers are included in the requests to the service. Images are not stored or saved on Microsoft servers; Images are discarded immediately after the captions are generated. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only raw image data is sent to Azure Cognitive Services. Images are sent un-encrypted, to reduce latency. No user identifiers are included in the requests to the service. Images aren't stored or saved on Microsoft servers; images are discarded immediately after the captions are generated.
```

> To control Image Descriptions, navigate to edge://settings/accessibility. Toggle the **Get image descriptions from Microsoft for screen readers** setting. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To control Image Descriptions, go to `edge://settings/accessibility`, and then toggle the **Get image descriptions from Microsoft for screen readers** setting. 
```

Author: Every reference to an edge settings url uses the terminology "navigate to edge://settings/xxx". I'm seeing I accidently added a "go to" for geolocation. Can we keep the navigate terminology to be consistent across the document?

> Image Descriptions can be turned on for the current web page without enabling for all web pages. While using a screen reader, with focus on a web page element, open the contextual menu (right-click), select **Get image descriptions from Microsoft** > **Just once**. The current web page will be scanned for all images without alt text and send those to the service for descriptions. The Image Description feature will remain off for other pages and future browsing. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Image Descriptions can be turned on for the current web page without enabling for all web pages. While using a screen reader, right-click the webpage, select and then select **Get image descriptions from Microsoft** > **Just once**. The current web page will be scanned for all images without alt text and send those to the service for descriptions. The Image Description feature will remain off for other pages and future browsing. 
```

Reviewer 2: the word 'contextual' is not in _Microsoft Writing Style Guide_.  
Applied _Edge Dev Style Guide_.

Author: There are 3 other instances of "contextual menu (right-click)" in the whitepaper today. Do you want me to update those as well?

If you turn off the **Allow access to location on this device** and **Allow apps to access your location** settings, some sites may still estimate your location using other technologies (such as Bluetooth, WiFi, cellular modem, or IP address) with varying degrees of accuracy. With Windows location settings disabled, precise location experiences that you allow in Microsoft Edge may also be inaccurate. For more information about Windows location settings, see [Windows location service and privacy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4468240).

Microsoft Edge doesn't store your geolocation coordinates. When making requests to the Windows location service, Microsoft Edge generates a new random ID for each request.

**InPrivate** browsing uses the precise location permission setting of the profile from which the **InPrivate** session was launched. **Guest** mode always asks you for permission before granting the site your precise location.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Image Descriptions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Image Descriptions

```

Only raw image data is sent to Azure Cognitive Services. Images are sent un-encrypted, to reduce latency. No user identifiers are included in the requests to the service. Images aren't stored or saved on Microsoft servers; images are discarded immediately after the captions are generated.

To control Image Descriptions, go to `edge://settings/accessibility`. Toggle the **Get image descriptions from Microsoft for screen readers** setting. 

Image Descriptions can be turned on for the current web page without enabling for all web pages. While using a screen reader, right-click the webpage, and select **Get image descriptions from Microsoft** > **Just once**. The current web page will be scanned for all images without alt text and send those to the service for descriptions. The Image Description feature will remain off for other pages and future browsing. 

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Image Enhancement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Image Enhancement

```
generally need blank lines around headings in Markdown

If you turn off the **Allow access to location on this device** and **Allow apps to access your location** settings, some sites may still estimate your location using other technologies (such as Bluetooth, WiFi, cellular modem, or IP address) with varying degrees of accuracy. With Windows location settings disabled, precise location experiences that you allow in Microsoft Edge may also be inaccurate. For more information about Windows location settings, see [Windows location service and privacy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4468240).

Microsoft Edge doesn't store your geolocation coordinates. When making requests to the Windows location service, Microsoft Edge generates a new random ID for each request.

**InPrivate** browsing uses the precise location permission setting of the profile from which the **InPrivate** session was launched. **Guest** mode always asks you for permission before granting the site your precise location.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Image Descriptions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Image descriptions
```

> When browsing the web in Microsoft Edge, screen reader users may encounter images that are not annotated with alt text. Without alt text to describe these images, they are effectively invisible to screen reader users. When Image Descriptions is turned on, Microsoft Edge will detect these images without alt text and send them to Azure Cognitive Services to generate captions. The generated captions are then announced to screen reader users. Even when Image Descriptions is turned on, images are only sent to the service when a screen reader (or other assistive technology) is connected to Microsoft Edge. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When browsing the web in Microsoft Edge, screen reader users may encounter images that are not annotated with alt text. Without alt text to describe these images, they are effectively invisible to screen reader users. When Image Descriptions is turned on, Microsoft Edge will detect these images without alt text and send them to Azure Cognitive Services to generate captions. The generated captions are then announced to screen reader users. Even when **Get image descriptions from Microsoft for screen readers** is turned on, images are only sent to the service when a screen reader (or other assistive technology) is connected to Microsoft Edge. 
```

1.  Choose **Settings** > **Privacy**.
1.  Choose **Choose what to clear**.

> Kids Mode does not collect data for personalization of the news feed or other Microsoft services.  You may not change the privacy settings for Kids Mode.  Other settings like Windows Defender SmartScreen and diagnostic data are configured according to the profile in which Kids Mode was launched.  For more information about diagnostic data about how you use the browser and Windows Defender SmartScreen, see the [Diagnostic Data](#diagnostic-data) and [SmartScreen](#smartscreen) sections.

Reviewer 2: fyi "sections" was missing.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Spellcheck

Microsoft Edge checks your spelling as you type in the browser.  The spellcheck service is completed locally on the device. Microsoft Edge does not send information about your typing to Microsoft for spellcheck. You can turn off the feature. Go to `edge://settings/languages`. In **Check Spelling**, turn off the setting for each desired language.

When you add a new language to Microsoft Edge, the browser downloads the dictionary for the new language to the device using HTTPS.  The dictionary is used for the built-in spellcheck service.  Deleting the language from your Microsoft Edge settings deletes the dictionary from the device.  Guest mode does not use the custom dictionary from the profile or any added languages.  To add or remove words in your local dictionary, go to `edge://settings/languages` and under **Check Spelling** select **Add or delete words**.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Suggest similar sites

> To help resolve URL typos in the address bar that result in a website error, Microsoft Edge may recommend a corrected URL.  When a website navigation error occurs, Microsoft Edge sends the domain of the web address to the Microsoft service to suggest a corrected URL.  Microsoft Edge does not include identifiers or tokens with the domain.  If the service finds a suggestion, it returns the suggested URL.  Microsoft stores the incorrect domain, and suggested domain, to help improve the service.  To help you go to the correct sites, the feature is turned on by default.  To turn off the feature, go to `edge://settings/privacy` and under the **Services** turn off the **Suggest similar sites when a website can't be found** setting.

Reviewer 2: fyi there was a mid-sentence period instead of comma
